Fix part of #5079 : Updated wiki for Gradle Build Failed - Task :utility:kaptGenerateStubsDebugKotlin FAILED (#5083)
oppia/oppia-android: wiki/Troubleshooting-Installation.md

   or `Module not specified` while running Unit Tests, try to downgrade Android Studio to [Bumblebee (Patch 3)](https://developer.android.com/studio/archive). That should resolve this issue.

> 7. If you getting this error while gradle build

Reviewer: ```suggestion
7. If you encounter this error while building gradle:
```

Author: Done.

      > Failed to transform model.jar (project :model) to match attributes {artifactType=android-classes, org.gradle.category=library, org.gradle.dependency.bundling=external, org.gradle.jvm.version=15, org.gradle.libraryelements=jar, org.gradle.usage=java-api}.
         > Execution failed for JetifyTransform: E:\Android\open-source\oppia-android\model\build\libs\model.jar.
            > Failed to transform 'E:\Android\open-source\oppia-android\model\build\libs\model.jar' using Jetifier. Reason: Unsupported class file major version 59. (Run with --stacktrace for more details.)
   ```
   This error occur because of our use of jetifier. In gradle.properties, `android.enableJetifier=true` automatically converts third-party libraries to use AndroidX.
   The maximum supported major version for jetifier class file format in Android is 58, which corresponds to Java 14.
   The `model.jar` was compiled with Java 15/major version 59, hence the incompatibility.
   

   To fix this error you need to lower version of Java to compile JAR file. Check [here](https://developer.android.com/studio/intro/studio-config#jdk) more about Java version.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You are seeing this because Oppia android currently compiles with Java 8, or 9. Higher versions of Java are not supported by our version of Gradle.

The `model.jar` was compiled with Java 15/major version 59, hence the incompatibility.
   

To fix this error, you need to lower the version of Java to compile the JAR file. Please see [here](https://developer.android.com/studio/intro/studio-config#jdk) for more information about Java versions.

```

Author: Done.
